# ByndlossLiWilliams_ENV872_EDA_FinalProject
ENV872 Course Project
## Summary

<describe the purpose of this repository, the information it contains, and any relevant analysis goals. What, why, where, when, how?

The purpose of this repository is to explore how species activity changes between Nashville parks. We focused on the Mills Creek, Bells Bend, and Beaman because they had similar timeframes for data collection. The goal of the study is to find if daily, monthly, and full study period activity are different between the parks and which park attributes might cause these changes. The species data was collected using camera traps. >

## Investigators

<Iman Byndloss, Leah Li, and Rachel Williams. Environmental Management students at Duke University.>

## Keywords

<add relevant keywords here
Spatial analysis, Species Activity, Parks, Camera Traps>

## Database Information

<describe the origin of all data in the repository, including data collected from outside sources and new data generated by the investigator(s). If data was accessed from an outside database, the date(s) of data access should also be included.>


## Folder structure, file formats, and naming conventions 

<describe the folders contained in the repository, including what type of files they contain
Code: Contains Rmd files for Data Analysis, Data Exploration, and Data Processing. 
Data: Contains the processed and raw datasets used for analysis. Includes camera deployments, park properties (.cpg, .dbf, .prj, .shp, and .shx), and wildlife insights data from 2021-2022. All files except Parks_properties and the Parks_view .geojson file are .csv files. Also has a metadata Rmd file.
Tukey_Test_Results.csv: Excel file containing Tukey test results for the target parks.>

<describe the formats of files for the various purposes contained in the repository>

<describe your file naming conventions>

## Metadata

<For each data file in the repository, describe the data contained in each column. Include the column name, a description of the information, the class of data, and any units associated with the data. Create a list or table for each data file.> 

## Scripts and code

<list any software scripts/code contained in the repository and a description of their purpose.>